[LINIA]
Meow!
Keep your hands away
from my tail, you little freak!
Ha-ha! Guess you're just another
tomcat after all, boss.
Can't say I blame ya, though,
I know I'm irresistible!
♪
Hey! Come on, fight back!
[PURSENA]
You're such a moron, Linia.
What'd you call me?
[PURSENA]
A moron.
[LINIA]
I dare mew to say that again!
[PURSENA]
You're a moron.
[CLIFF] Enough!
I can't even hear myself think!
If you're not here to work,
then go home!
Well, what do you think, Julie?
Who the hell do you think
you're talking to, myuh?
Sorry, you're right.
We'll try to keep the noise down
as long as we're all
in the classroom.
Hey, sit down, huh?
♪
[scoffs]
[clamoring]
[RUDEUS]
Hey, give it a rest.
No need to pick on that
poor turtle.
Huh!
Hell are you supposed to be?
Ahem!
Oh, wait. I think
that might be Quagmire.
It doesn't matter
who started it,
only cowards gang up like that.
Let's go.
[sighs]
Are you all right?
Uh!
At what point did it sound
like I wanted your...
[sighs]
[CLIFF]
Sorry. I'm fine. Thank you.
Yeah, no problem at all.
[RUDEUS] I figured
he was going to snap at me.
Has he finally realized
I'm not his enemy?
What'd I do to upset him so much
in the first place?
Well, whatever.
♪
-[CLIFF] Hey.
-Hmm!
So, um.
There's this girl I like.
Okay?
[RUDEUS] Is it me?
It's not me, right?
Maybe he just wants help
writing a love letter
or something! Yeah.
That's her, there.
Oh, good for you...
♪
You poor guy.
That is my love!
Lady Elinalise Dragonroad!
A name nearly as beautiful
and bold as the woman
who bears it!
She is studious,
as her grades can attest,
and as an adventurer,
she grasps the practicalities
of magical combat!
How I admire her!
Yuh-huh.
[RUDEUS]
I hoped I was mistaken,
but nope, he really does
mean Elinalise. Oof.
There have been some
scurrilous rumors
about her taking any male
student
who looks at her
twice as a lover
and some
of the professors, as well.
I've tried to intervene. but.
[RUDEUS] Sorry, bud,
but those were no rumors.
So, what do you want me to do?
Ah! Oh, well,
you know her, right?
So, would you,
mind introducing us?
Huh!
[SYLPHIETTE]
Romantic advice?
Why? Do you have a crush
on someone?
No, but a classmate
of mine does.
Who's that?
As long as this stays
between us, it's Cliff,
one of the other
special students.
Oh. Yes, I know him.
Please continue.
[RUDEUS]
The way he tells it,
he fell in love with this woman
immediately, at first sight.
And I'm kind of close
with the person he fell for,
but I'm not sure
about introducing them.
I just don't want him
to think it's because
I want her to myself.
Do you have any idea
of how I should navigate this?
[SYLPHIETTE]
Well, I suppose I should ask,
where does your hesitation
come from?
I have nothing against her,
but she has some issues
that make her a tricky match.
[SYLPHIETTE]
I see.
You know, even if a trait
is unappealing to you,
that doesn't necessarily
mean it would be to Cliff.
From what I hear, most people
couldn't imagine dating
the person I like, but.
[RUDEUS]
Master Fitz has a crush?
I wonder who it is.
Princess Ariel is probably
the safest bet.
[SYLPHIETTE] And it's hard to
see someone around all the time
and feel like
they're out of reach.
So, yeah. I'd say, go ahead
and introduce them,
and that way, he would
at least have an opportunity
to express himself.
You think?
I'm afraid that could lead
to all sorts of trouble
down the road.
That's not your burden, though.
I mean, once you get them
in a room together,
they have to figure out
the next steps for themselves.
[RUDEUS] Yeah, he does
kinda have a point, there.
Guess you're right.
Thank you, Master Fitz,
I appreciate the input.
Oh, please. I'm just glad
I was able help at all. So.
Hmm!
[bell rings]
Hey there, Rudeus!
What a lovely surprise.
You don't often call on me.
And who is this?
All right, good luck in there.
Just remember I did warn you.
So if this goes poorly
in any way,
please don't take
that out on me.
Of course. I'm fully
prepared for rejection.
Hello, Elinalise. I would
like you to meet Cliff Grimoire.
He's one of the special students
and a year ahead of me.
It's an honor, my lady.
As he said, I am Cliff.
Oh, my. What a perfect gentleman
you are.
My name's Elinalise Dragonroad.
Now then, what brings
you to see me
this fine afternoon,
Master Cliff?
[RUDEUS] He's been interested
in meeting you for some time,
so I thought I'd introduce you.
[CLIFF] Indeed! I have spent
many an evening admiring
your radiant beauty
from across the courtyard!
I beg you to consider
a personal relationship with me!
Hmm!
Huh!
Huh?
-Really?
-Really what?
How much do you want for him?
[RUDEUS] She thinks I'm here
to pimp my upperclassman?
Now that's low.
That's not what this is.
You can't mean that!
Rudeus, you know what I'm like,
I really can't commit to anyone!
Why would you bring this
naive little choir boy here?
That's just cruel.
[RUDEUS]
Now I'm the shameless one?
I'm not trying to trick him.
I'm just introducing him
like he asked me to.
[ELINALISE]
You mean it?
[RUDEUS] Yeah, I'll even swear
by Master Roxy if you like.
Well, if he's serious,
that's also a problem.
People shouldn't
have feelings for me.
[RUDEUS]
That's a surprise.
I figured she'd say that she had
an inn or something booked
"just in case!”
and whisk him away.
You didn't forget
about my curse, did you?
It's not compatible
with an exclusive relationship.
[sighs]
Yeah, that's too bad, isn't it?
Guess you'll just
have to turn him down.
You wouldn't mind?
That won't cause any bad blood
between you two?
Nope, it's not a problem.
But I do think you should
tell him exactly why.
I can do that.
♪
Rudeus, please see yourself out
so that Cliff and I may speak
in private.
Uh! Oh, yeah, of course.
Excuse me, I'll be just outside.
And, Rudeus?
Thank you, I mean that.
[RUDEUS]
Ugh, the gratitude in his voice
makes my chest ache.
[creaks]
Hey, Zanoba, are you here.
-Yet?
-[laughing]
Ah, good morning, Rudeus!
Aw!
As you can clearly see,
we've chosen to become a couple.
[RUDEUS]
Okay. Why?
There was such a fire
and passion to his proposal
that it pierced and melted even
my most frozen heart of hearts.
Congratulations,
I'm happy for you,
but what about your curse?
[ELINALISE] A curse is nothing
in the face of true love.
For Cliff's sake, I'll do
my best to control myself.
If your heart belongs to me,
nothing else matters!
And I swear to you,
I will lift your curse one day.
Oh, Cliff.
Oh, Elinalise.
[kisses]
Now, if we use this figure
from the marketplace
as point of contrast,
[RUDEUS] If this works for them,
then who am I to interfere?
And if I'm being honest,
I would also love
to break my curse
and get busy with someone.
♪
Wow, they're so intense.
[clangs]
[RUDEUS] Fall is upon us,
and beast folk mating rituals
are in full swing,
namely a one-on-one duel
that acts as a marriage proposal
and determines
who will lead
the resulting family.
In other words, they're in heat.
Which brings me
to my two absent classmates.
Linia and Pursena are princesses
of the Doldia tribe.
The beast folk all adore them,
and despite their public
disinterest in marriage,
they're inundated
with challenges
from suitors every year.
So they wrote to let me know
that they wouldn't be
leaving the girls' dorm
for a while.
But they also said,
"The rest is up to you."
And I don't know
what that means.
[BURG] I take it that you, sir,
are "Quagmire" Rudeus!
I challenge you
to a matrimonial duel!
[RUDEUS] Is this one of those
proposal challenges
that have been kinda "in vogue”
around campus lately, or?
[BURG]
Indeed!
[RUDEUS]
Huh! I beg your pardon,
but, I'm actually straight,
you see, so I'm gonna be going!
You have no right to refuse!
I wrote to Lady Pursena,
and she informed me that
you are the boss of her pack!
Thus, you are duty bound
to accept all challengers!
[RUDEUS] Oh.
That's what they meant. Jerks.
-[clangs]
-Now, draw your weapon!
[yells]
[whimpers]
Well, better luck next year,
I suppose.
♪
Hey, Rudeus?
Have you seen this line outside?
What did you do?
[RUDEUS]
I didn't do anything.
But apparently whoever beats me
gets to marry Linia
and/or Pursena.
No. Really?
There's no way you have
the authority to allow that.
That's for the chief
of the Doldia tribe to decide.
Well, they've been redirecting
all their personal challenges
to me either way.
[sighs]
Gauntlet of highly motivated
horny alpha males, here I come.
Oh, well, it isn't all men,
from what I could see.
There was at least one girl
out there.
Wait, really? Is she cute?
Wow. You really are
your father's son.
Hey, sorry, what'd you say?
Hey, Master Fitz!
Ah! What the heck?
[laughter]
Huh!
Your courage is a credit to you!
This "University of Magic”
attracts some truly
stouthearted fellows!
[RUDEUS]
What, uh?
Hmm! He-he!
Hello! They said
I had to defeat them all
if I didn't want to wait
my turn to see you!
And here you are, right on cue!
Yes, the Eye of Foresight!
You must be Rudeus Greyrat!
My fiancee, Kishirika Kishirisu,
Great Emperor
of the Demon World,
speaks well of you!
I am the Demon King Badigadi!
And I've come to challenge
you to a duel!
[RUDEUS]
What is happening?
Hmm! Must we wait?
Forgive me.
Someone is on their way to fetch
my staff for me right now.
[BADIGADI]
You humans can be so hasty,
I expected to be shooed away.
But you seem quite composed.
No wonder my fiancee thinks
so highly of you.
And you said your fiancee is
Empress Kishirika, didn't you?
[BADIGADI]
Yes.
Her Majesty bestowed this demon
eye on me,
though we only met briefly.
She described you as something
of a magical marvel!
She hasn't spoken of anyone with
such excitement in a long while.
[RUDEUS]
I'm no one special.
I may have a bit more mana
than the average person, but...
[laughter]
Please, be seated.
"More marvelous than Laplace”.
That's how she first described
you to me,
without a moment's hesitation.
She's never said that
of anyone else before,
which means your mana capacity
must be among the greatest
in the world.
Wow, is that so?
Granted, I have been training
non-stop to improve it
for most of my life now.
No amount of training
would allow you
or anyone else
to rival Laplace.
For most,
it's simply impossible.
[RUDEUS] Okay, even
if "most" people can't do it,
what about reincarnated people
like me?
Maybe the Man-God hooked me up
with some sweet hacks
or something.
Come to think of it,
Your Majesty,
may I ask you
about a certain name?
And, um, to be clear,
I'm not an agent or a minion
or anything of this person
I'm thinking about,
so please don't attack me
for simply mentioning them,
if you wouldn't mind.
I shan't begin our duel
until you're armed.
You have the Demon King's word.
Does the name "Man-God"
mean anything at all to you?
"Man-God".
How is it that you came
to learn that name, boy?
They appear in my dreams.
[BADIGADI]
Mm, in your dreams, eh? I see.
What do you know about them?
Hmm! Nothing.
Ah, that's too bad.
Indeed.
[laughter]
What a sad fellow you are,
clamming up all of a sudden!
Laugh with me, boy!
[laughter]
[panting]
Here's your staff! I'm sorry
it took so long to find it.
No, that's quite all right.
I appreciate
you running to get it.
Please, don't do anything rash.
If it looks like you'll lose,
just grovel and beg for mercy.
No one will think less of you
for it, I promise.
Your Majesty.
Call me Badi, boy.
Uh, Sir Badi, then.
I have a request.
Speak your piece.
Even if I lose to you,
I would ask that
you please spare my life.
[laughter]
Begging for mercy
before we begin?
You're a funny one, aren't you?
A life is a tragic thing
to waste.
[BADIGADI]
You're so sure you'll lose?
One would think
such a large mana pool
would lend a man
some confidence.
About two years ago I fought
a man known as the Dragon God
and barely made it out alive.
[RUDEUS] Crap. He didn't react
to the name Man-God,
but does he know Orsted?
I think I might've hit a nerve.
All right. I have a proposal
for the terms of our duel.
[RUDEUS]
Wh-what might that be?
[BADIGADI]
Just one blow.
Ha!
Strike me once.
Attack me with the force
of your mightiest blow.
Perhaps use a spell
you used against the Dragon God!
If you can manage to wound me,
then you will be named
the victor.
That sounds reasonable.
I accept your conditions.
Good.
♪
[RUDEUS]
Against Orsted, I was unarmed,
one-handed, and panicking.
But here?
I can channel everything
I have into this shot.
Creating the bullet
is fundamentally no different
than crafting a figure.
I'll focus on hardness
and aerodynamics,
then rotate it.
The faster I can make it spin,
the better penetration
it will have on contact.
But velocity
is the most critical aspect.
I've never used
this much mana for speed before.
All right. Get ready.
Excellent. Go on!
[explosion]
[body thuds]
[RUDEUS]
No way. Is he dead?
[clamoring]
[laughs]
[BADIGADI]
Badigadi has revived!
[RUDEUS]
Oh, you're alive.
[laughs]
Yes, I thought I was a goner!
[tapping]
You vanquished me
in single combat, Rudeus,
so you may call yourself a hero!
[RUDEUS] I don't think
I will, but thanks.
Then, at least let out
a victory cheer for the crowd!
[laughter]
[RUDEUS] Okay. If he says I won,
I guess I won.
Um, I'm the winner!
Well done.
Now it's my turn
to take a whack!
Huh!
[punches]
Um!
[SYLPHIETTE]
There. Is the pain gone, too?
Yeah, it is, thank you.
[SYLPHIETTE]
Well.
Healing aside,
after the day you just had,
I would advise
taking it easy tonight.
I really can't thank you enough
for all your help, Master Fitz.
[door opens]
[RUDEUS]
He's probably right.
Between duels and Demon Kings,
I've had one hell of a day.
But hey, at least I'll probably
never see Badigadi again.
[LINIA]
I mew you could do it, boss.
A whole mating season
and we didn't even have
to lift a finger!
But I never expected
a Demon King
would show up to challenge
you for our hand!
I suppose our charms really must
reach all corners of the world.
As thanks, I invite you to touch
Linia's boobs.
Thank you, that's very generous.
Meow!
[gasps]
[explosion]
[BADIGADI laughs]
The immortal Demon King Badigadi
has returned!
[BADIGADI laughs]
[RUDEUS]
Goddammit.
[BADIGADI laughs]